add product and support pages (#66)
authzed/docs: docs/products/serverless.md

# SpiceDB Serverless

[SpiceDB Serverless] is the Authzed product for self-service, shared-hardware SpiceDB clusters.

- This is a fully managed service run by the experts at Authzed.
- Clusters are autonomously configured and scaled without any configuration necessary.

> - Provision and manage permission systems and view real time all from one place: our dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provision and manage permission systems and view real time metrics all from one place: our dashboard.
```

> [SpiceDB Serverless]: https://app.authzed.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SpiceDB Serverless]: https://app.authzed.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_content=spicedb+serverless
```

| Relationships         | $1 per 1 million    |
| Dispatched Operations | $1 per 1 million    |

### Do you have a free tier?

Yes. Any amount less than 1 million relationships or dispatched operations is considered a charge of `$0`.

A credit card is required to be entered for production permissions systems.

### How do I enable and configure billing?

> Click the `Billing` tab in the left hand side column of [Authzed].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the `Billing` tab in your [Authzed] dashboard.
```

### Viewing operation counts

The count of dispatched and cached operations can be viewed in the `Billing` panel of the permissions system view on [Authzed].

<img src="/img/billing-metrics.png"/>

### What counts as a "dispatched operation"?

A **dispatched operation** is a single *non-cached* operation performed by Authzed to resolve the answer to the API request.

The number of dispatched operations depends heavily on the type of [API] being called, the complexity of the permissions system's [schema] and how many of those operations have been cached from previous [API] calls.

[schema]: /guides/schema

#### API Dispatch Estimation

> Below are the estimations for determining the worse-cast dispatch count for an API call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are the estimations for determining the worse-case dispatch count for an API call:
```

Reviewer: Also, "subproblem" in the table below should be "sub-problem" to be consistent.
